Hey, hey, when you know your family is in trouble
I immediately let my dad
The last collaboration with the eight major families
Tell them to cancel the mission
Destroy without obeying orders
Hehe Qiangsheng Group is the best example
Dude is really efficient
I just wanted him to help Cang
Water Group's mission delayed by two days
Unexpectedly, he directly asked all eight families to cancel it.
Qianxue
My gift
Do you still like it?
No wonder the eight major families
Will let us go
It turned out that Ye Shao was helping in the dark
At present, behind Xu is actually the Ye family
I didn't expect my brother to want to rob Ye Shao of a woman
The Chen family is not far away
Ye Shao, I will repay this favor
What did you say?
Aren't we family sooner or later?
Meng Qianxue
I have been meticulous to you for the past three years.
It's time for our relationship to take a step further
Ye Shao
I have a fiancé.
fiancé
You say this fool
Mr. Mu has been in the past three years
It has always been Young Master Ye who took care of Cangxue Group in the dark
He takes care of you so much
Why do you keep thinking about this fool?
What's more, you are not married
yuqian
Don't say Ye Shao
These things you did for Cangxue Group
And I appreciate it.
I will also repay
Just don't bring it up again
Qianxue
It can make the eight major families cancel the task of the heavenly list
Only Me